Defaulter Albertson's Companion Placed
in the County Jail.

Deputy Sheriff Croake arrived in the
city about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
from Portland with Fred Chandler, the
accomplice of Defanlter Albertson of the
Fidelity Trust company. Chandler was
driven to the county jail in a gurney,
and after making the acquaintance of
Sheriff! Price he was placed ina cell
with a number of- other prisoners.
Chandler was not inclined to communi-
cate with any one in reference to the
embezzlement or as to Albertson. In
conversation with a LrepGrer reporter
he simply corroborated the statements
published in this paper concerning his
flight and capture with Albertson. He
practically admitted that he was the
man that called on R. B. Albertson of
Seattle, under the name of Ross.

Detective Suilivan was compelled to
remain in his room at the Tacoma hotel
yesterday, owing to an attack of rheu-
matism. He caught cold while aiding
in arresting R. B. Albertson, and he
was forced to spend the day in bed. He
had a number of callers who desired to
express their sympathy. When a re-
porter inquired if Detective Lampkins |
was employed by him or not Sullivan |
smiled and said, ‘‘I don’t know; but he
has been drawing a good salary for
nearly a year from us.’’ Lampkins was
one of the men at the recent trouble at.
the Gilman mines, and was in charge of |
men under Detective Hessinger, one of
Sullivan’s lieutenants. He was also at
Neweastle. The report has been started
that Lampkins was intoxicated when he
arrested Albertson, but his friends give it
nocredence. When Albertson was ar-
rested he had with him besides the
stolen money a diamond ring,adiamond
stud, a beautiful gold watch and two
gold chains.

CHANDLER ARRIVES.
{

